Add "Keeping your instance synced" section to "Upgrade Guide" page (#59)
movie-web/docs: content/3.client/5.upgrade.md

---
title: 'Update guide'
---

# Keeping your instance synced

Keeping your instance up-to-date with the latest features and bug fixes can enhance your instance's functionality and ensure it stays current. When updates are released, you have the option to adopt them using either one of the guides. Below, you willl find a manual and an automatic guide for updating your instance.

## Manual update

> You can manually update by executing the following commands at the root of your instance:

Author: You can manually update by executing the following commands in the root directory of the repository you have created?

```bash
git remote add movie-web https://github.com/movie-web/movie-web.git
git fetch movie-web
# Change `dev` to `master` if you want a stable experience
git merge movie-web/dev --allow-unrelated-histories

> git push -f # Force push to your origin main branch

Author: The git push -f command is necessary due to the --allow-unrelated-histories option in the git merge command.

---
title: 'Update guide'
---

# Keeping your instance synced

> Movie-web's github is constantly being updated. If you want to keep your instance synced to the most recent version, you will need to follow one of the two guides below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping your instance up-to-date with the latest features and bug fixes can enhance your instance's functionality and ensure it stays current. When updates are released, you have the option to adopt them using either one of the guides. Below, you willl find a manual and an automatic guide for updating your instance.
```

## Manual update

> You can manually update by typing the below lines into a terminal at the root of your instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manually update by executing the following commands at the root of your instance:
```

git fetch movie-web
# Change `dev` to `master` if you want a stable experience
git merge movie-web/dev --allow-unrelated-histories
git push -f # Force push to your origin main branch
```

## Automatic update

You can also setup a scheduled workflow to automatically update your instance. This will allow you to keep your instance up to date without manual intervention.

To do this, you will need to follow the guide below...

1. Create a personal access token and add to repository's secret as `PAT`
2. Paste the below file into your repository's root `/.github/workflows` directory

```yaml
# File: .github/workflows/repo-sync.yml
name: Repo sync

on:
  schedule:
  - cron:  "*/15 * * * *"
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  repo-sync:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      with:
        persist-credentials: false
    - name: repo-sync
      uses: repo-sync/github-sync@v2
      with:
        source_repo: "" # Change this to the repo you want to sync from
        source_branch: "" # Change this to the branch you want to sync from
        destination_branch: "" # Change this to the branch you want to sync to

>         github_token: ${{ secrets.PAT }}

Reviewer: Can't the automatic secret GITHUB_TOKEN be used here? https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication

Author: Changed yaml file to the below snippet
```yaml
# File: .github/workflows/sync.yml
name: Sync fork

on:
  schedule:
  - cron: "*/5 * * * *"
  push:
    branches:
    - "*"
    paths:
    - .github/workflows/sync.yml

jobs:
  sync:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v3
    - run: gh repo sync reponame/forkname
      env:
        GH_TOKEN: ${{ github.token }}
    - uses: gautamkrishnar/keepalive-workflow@v1
```

    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v3
    - run: gh repo sync <OWNER>/<FORK> # Replace the placeholders within the < >
      env:
        GH_TOKEN: ${{ github.token }}
    - uses: gautamkrishnar/keepalive-workflow@v1
```
::alert{type="info"}

> Github action authored by [Toon](https://github.com/Toon-arch)

Reviewer 2: Remove this please, it's irrelevant to the docs

> ::alert{type="info"}
> Github action authored by [Toon](https://github.com/Toon-arch)
> ::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
